hi
listen yeah okay I need to talk to you
you know now I know that they said that
the hair straightener started the fire
but I think I'm partly at fault you see
I didn't I didn't tell you but um but I
I had recently refilled the tissues and
so you know let's face it that's just
kindling yeah I think it's better that I
stay at Joey's no no no no no Phoebe
this was my fault
besides you know what I'm fine here okay
oh um Chandler Monica is looking for you
really yeah she said something about
Crum ease no no no I was so careful okay
you have to switch with me Monica is
driving me crazy that's right all the
ladies want to stay at Joey no mafia
come on I don't wanna switch please come
on I can throw my favorite towels here
no but at Monica's you can eat cookies
over the sink I know I'm sorry
all right fine looks like so much fun
god what a mess